Add a contributor guide requirement (#184)
ossf/tac: process/project-lifecycle.md

#### Incubation Entry Requirements and Considerations

* Projects must have a minimum of three maintainers with a minimum of two different organization affiliations, and document the current list of maintainers.

> * Projects must have defined a contributor ladder, which makes it clear how and when contributors should be given increasing responsibilities towards maintainership of the project. (Example ladders: [Sigstore](https://github.com/sigstore/community/blob/main/MEMBERSHIP.md), [AllStar](https://github.com/ossf/allstar/blob/main/contributor-ladder.md))

Author: ```suggestion
* Projects must have defined a contributor guide, which makes it clear how and when contributors should be given increasing responsibilities towards maintainership of the project. (Example guides: [Sigstore](https://github.com/sigstore/community/blob/main/MEMBERSHIP.md), [AllStar](https://github.com/ossf/allstar/blob/main/contributor-ladder.md))
```
